Update tutorial.md (#556)
open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki: docs/tutorial.md

# FAQ

Q1: Which platforms support FSRS?

A1: As of December 2023, FSRS is supported in the desktop version (Windows, Mac, and Linux), in AnkiWeb (browser version), and in AnkiMobile (iOS). AnkiDroid (Android) doesn't support FSRS yet, but you can use FSRS if you switch to the alpha version.

***

Q2: Does FSRS change the way the card's ease changes?

A2: Anki's built-in ease factor doesn't affect anything once FSRS is enabled. This is also why a lot of settings, such as Starting Ease, are hidden once FSRS is enabled.

***

Q3: Once I started using FSRS on my existing deck, if I ever wanted to go back to using Anki's built-in algorithm for the same deck, would that still be possible?

A3: Yes, just turn FSRS off. However, this will not revert the intervals back.

***

Q4: I'm sure I have >1000 reviews, yet when I try to optimize parameters for my preset, I get an error telling me that I don't have enough reviews. Is that a bug?

> A4: FSRS only takes into account one review per day. If you review a card multiple times per day, only the chronologically first review will be used by the optimizer. Also, if your deck has many subdecks, be sure to check that the preset is applied to the subdecks as well, not just to the parent deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A4: FSRS only takes into account one review per day. If you review a card multiple times per day, only the chronologically first review will be used by the optimizer. Also, if your deck has many subdecks, ensure that the preset is also applied to the subdecks, not just to the parent deck.
```

***

Q10: Is it better to use the same parameters for all my cards or use different presets with different parameters?

A10: The answer to this question depends entirely on how similar your material is. For example, if you are learning Japanese and geography, it is recommended to use two different presets with different parameters. If you have two decks with Japanese vocabulary, you should use the same preset for both of them.

***

Q11: How often should I re-optimize parameters?

A11: Once per month should be more than enough.

***

Q12: What will happen if I review my cards on a device where FSRS is not supported (or disabled) and then on another device where FSRS is enabled?

A12: Your intervals will become inaccurate, but it won't corrupt your cards and make them unusable. It will just make FSRS bad at what it's supposed to do: maintain your retention at a specified level.

***

> You haven't seen the answer for your question? Here are many questions asked by others: https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Didn't find the answer to your question? You can browse through several other questions asked by users: https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Aquestion+
```

If you still have trouble, please open a new issue to provide the details about that.

> https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki/issues/new/choose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Is your issue still unsolved? Please open a new issue to provide the details: https://github.com/open-spaced-repetition/fsrs4anki/issues/new/choose
```
